Add errors pages and more examples to API (#15814)
decidim/decidim: docs/modules/develop/pages/api/reference/errors/not_found.adoc

= Not Found Error - NOT_FOUND_ERROR

> This is the error code that is issued when the requested record does not exist in the database, or is in a state where you should not have access to it (moderated, belongs to an unpublished component, belongs to a private process where the requesting user does not have access). This is equivalent to 404 HTTP Status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is triggered when the requested record does not exist in the database, or is in a state where you should not have access to it (moderated, belongs to an unpublished component, belongs to a private process where the requesting user does not have access). This is equivalent to 404 HTTP Status code.
```
